I heard through the grapevine you like
to smoke drink party have a great town
your pink pussy get wetter in the
daytime I wanted to cut you like a
barber get my fade on get your hey don't
sorry I can care less about this shit I
got a shorty over here
the main girl puts in a forty over here
we're gonna fucking all night getting
pulled over here yeah I gotta say
something do you wanna hear why we
sizzle aah breathing carbonated area you
know how I feel looking in the mirror
thank you and declare they realize that
there ain't shit there I'll cast on me
didn't fit it with my pears big-ass
booty look better in the air don't bring
it round here will be playing over here
nigga this is my field don't swing it
over here walked in the restaurant and
fit out the fool no I didn't like it
before I even true fuck up the plate in
your ass getting shoe like Lisa ends in
my fucking bedroom you got a big mouth
more and heavy that tone around them the
Chevy and then hear me go home really
want to get hiding the heavy that's cool
you're riding in the back give me
fucking legroom
yeah
use some leg
take those that are so vicious what you
come through giving nigga kissing treat
you like my man probably put you in the
kitchen take it like a GI Maggie the
permission get a little flick and then
in submission tripod camera fix the
camera Lincoln spinning like Stifler
Matt good a century fucking king graffia
even Scottie Pippin yet you can pick a
sport either way I won't work her words
on my knife and my painting my port the
boss of my word and they larger than
yours
yeah plus on my shit just go harder than
yours horeb story
I'm harder of course you give me your
number I call you of course you love you
then I will adore you for sure you the
dome it then I will support you of
course yes motherfucker coming bunny
Jetta I'm in the journal Ryan with a
bitch hi yellow maybe see me Widow never
miss you mind never can do better I'm a
cute nigga Ryan fellow no push-ups I'm
feeling good give me ketchup and some
lettuce partnership the Last Supper
don't boil you
I put you in Tim for you you can't blame
a horn for robbery and saw you euphoria
eat pussy nigo yo yo Toya you love life
real war in here Norbit come fuck with a
real Kobe cuz you wouldn't hamburger
flame bro
yeah I'll call you back bitch then act
like nobody ever calls you that shit
shouldn't even never had to call you
that shit you offended by the word I'm
sorry
you